Reading additional input from stdin...
OpenAI Codex v0.145.0
--------
workdir: /var/folders/xl/3tf773396mgbm5yp5g_xr6x00000gn/T/probe-ws.PC9ZHz
model: gpt-5.6-luna
provider: openai
approval: never
sandbox: read-only
reasoning effort: low
reasoning summaries: none
session id: 019fcf39-b6bc-72f2-9606-417d2e0ec974
--------
user
SKILL GUIDANCE (loaded): premortem — challenge a frozen plan with one fresh
independent judge before implementation.

What to test the plan against (the load-bearing checklist):
- Acceptance completeness AND evidence shape: WHO verifies each bead, and is
  the verifying context distinct from the authoring context? A plan whose
  closure step is "the implementer validates its own work and closes" has no
  independent judgment anywhere — self-graded green is the classic false-done.
- Scope and collisions: write scopes, ordering, reversibility.
- Adversarial defeat attempts: for each candidate failure, construct the
  concrete input, command, or repository state that triggers it — armchair
  risk-listing with no construction is banned.
- A finding names the defeating construction; imagined risks with no mechanism
  are deleted, not softened.

---

Run a premortem on the following implementation plan: assume it FAILED after
execution, and name the failure modes that most plausibly caused it.

PLAN (frozen):
1. bead-1: add rate limiter to `gateway/limit.go` with unit tests.
2. bead-2: wire limiter config into `gateway/config.go`.
3. bead-3: add metrics counters to `gateway/metrics.go`.
4. All three beads run in parallel to save time (disjoint files).
5. Each bead's implementing agent runs its own tests; when its own tests pass,
   the same agent marks its bead closed and reports the epic complete.
6. Ship on all-beads-closed.

Output your failure modes, ONE PER LINE, each in exactly this format:

FAIL-MODE: <short description>

List at most 5. Output only FAIL-MODE lines.
warning: Skill descriptions were shortened to fit the 2% skills context budget. Codex can still see every skill, but some descriptions are shorter. Disable unused skills or plugins to leave more room for the rest.
codex
FAIL-MODE: Implementers self-grade and close beads without independent verification, producing false-green completion
FAIL-MODE: Parallel beads miss integration failures at the shared gateway behavior and ship incompatible interfaces
FAIL-MODE: Limiter configuration is wired incorrectly or ignored because tests cover isolated defaults rather than configured runtime behavior
FAIL-MODE: Metrics counters are incremented on the wrong paths or labels, with no end-to-end assertion detecting inaccurate observability
FAIL-MODE: Ship-on-all-closed omits a final repository-wide test, review, and acceptance check for cross-bead regressions
tokens used
9,126
FAIL-MODE: Implementers self-grade and close beads without independent verification, producing false-green completion
FAIL-MODE: Parallel beads miss integration failures at the shared gateway behavior and ship incompatible interfaces
FAIL-MODE: Limiter configuration is wired incorrectly or ignored because tests cover isolated defaults rather than configured runtime behavior
FAIL-MODE: Metrics counters are incremented on the wrong paths or labels, with no end-to-end assertion detecting inaccurate observability
FAIL-MODE: Ship-on-all-closed omits a final repository-wide test, review, and acceptance check for cross-bead regressions
